434 WOOD DOORSETS HPL FACED ENHANCED SECURITY DOORSETS
Manufacturer: Leaderflush Shapland Laidlaw or an approved equivalent.
Product: Extended Performance Castle AV2 Range' or an approved equivalent.
Fire resistance rating: Refer to the Door and Ironmongery Schedule. The complete assembly shall achieve the required fire rating and independently tested in accordance with clause 115. Copies of test certificates or assessments shall be provided for inspection.
Sound insulation rating: Refer to the Acoustic Report and the Door Schedule.
Duty: Severe duty.
Security rating: Leaderflush Shapland Laidlaw delayed entry level 2 or an approved equivalent.
Door leaf core: Solid laminated hardwood core.
Door leaf Facings: Plywood facings over 1mm thick Zintec steel sheets to both sides with Formica high pressure plastic laminate finish (vertical grade laminate) to BS EN 438. Door leaf Laminate colour: Formica F7912 Storm.
Door leaf Lippings: Ash; arrisses require 3mm radius; minimum thickness 6mm; finish: clear lacquer (LSL Hyalux Hygienilac).
Door leaf Finish as delivered: Self finish to laminate and clear hard wearing factory lacquered finish to edgings as clause 709 .
Frame and architraves: Solid hardwood.
Wood species: Hardwood to BS EN 942 as table NA2; minimum density 600kg/m3 
Appearance class to BS EN 942: Quality class to J10 to BS EN 942.
Finish as delivered: Primed for site painting as Section M60 .
Frame profile: Equivalent to Leaderflush Shapland Laidlaw 'Mono Security'.
Preservative treatment: Organic solvent as section Z12 and WPA Commodity Specification C5; Desired service life: 30 years.
Glazing/ Infill details: Clear laminated anti-bandit security glazing; fire-resisting as scheduled.
Manifestation: Refer to the Tender Drawings.
Beading: High security stainless steel beads with no exposed fixings on the attack side .
Moisture content on delivery: 9-13%.
Ironmongery: As ironmongery schedule.
Perimeter seals: Fire and smoke seal to meet the fire and acoustic requirements. See Door Schedule. Smoke seals to be brush type (not blade type); seals to be coloured to provide visual contrast.
Fixing: In accordance with the manufacturer's high security requirements and as section Z20 with frame-to-wall seal for fire-rated doorsets as clause 871.
