431 WOOD DOORSETS HPL FACED DOORSETS
Manufacturer: Leaderflush Shapland Laidlaw or an approved equivalent.
Product: 'Designer Range' or an approved equivalent.
Fire resistance rating: Refer to the Door and Ironmongery Schedule. The complete assembly shall achieve the required fire rating and independently tested in accordance with clause 115. Copies of test certificates or assessments shall be provided for inspection.
Sound insulation rating: Refer to the Acoustic Report and the Door Schedule.
Duty: Severe duty.
Door leaf core: Flaxboard with softwood or hardwood timber stiles and rails to suit performance requirements.
Door leaf facings: Formica high pressure plastic laminate finish (vertical grade laminate) to BS EN 438. Laminate colour: Formica F7912 Storm. Half-height pvc sheet protection where scheduled; colour: RAL 7016 Anthracite grey.
Door leaf lippings: Ash, concealed; arrisses require 3mm radius; minimum thickness 6mm; finish: clear lacquer (LSL Hyalux Hygienilac) .
Finish as delivered: Self finish to laminate and clear hard wearing factory lacquered finish to edgings as clause 709 .
Edge protection: Grade 304 stainless steel angle protection to both arrisses of leading edge as clause 184 and where scheduled.
Frame and architraves: as scheduled:
Either Solid hardwood primed for site painting.
Frame and architraves Wood species: Hardwood to BS EN 942 as table NA2 .
Frame and architraves Appearance class to BS EN 942: Quality class to J10 to BS EN 942.
Frame and architraves finish as delivered: Primed for site painting as Section M60. Or PVC-wrapped MDF or hardwood. MDF (emission level as clause 185) or hardwood to suit performance requirements
Finish as delivered: Self finish to PVC wrapping; matching PVC flush covers to fixings. Colour RAL 7016 Anthracite grey
Frame profile: Equivalent to Leaderflush Shapland Laidlaw 'Barum' or 'Barum with extension lining' where applicable (to be agreed).
Preservative treatment: Organic solvent as section Z12 and WPA Commodity Specification C5; Desired service life: 30 years.
Glazing/ Infill details: Refer to the Door Schedule and Internal Door Types drawings Either
Glazing: Clear glazing to suit fire and safety performance requirements, or
Glazing: Clear glazing with integral blinds IBT 01 as clause 641, IBT 06 as clause 642, or IBT 07 or 08 as clause 645; all as scheduled;
all with clear finished ash beads.
Beading: As clause 184.
Moisture content on delivery: 9-13%.
Ironmongery: As ironmongery schedule.
Perimeter seals: Fire and smoke seal to meet the fire and acoustic requirements. See Door Schedule. Smoke seals to be brush type (not blade type); seals to be coloured to provide visual contrast.
Fixing: Plugged and screwed as section Z20 with frame-to-wall seal for fire-rated doorsets as clause 871.
Other requirements: Doorsets to rooms with gas suppression to meet the airtightness requirements to be specified by Specialist Contractor; threshold seals will be permitted to these doorsets if necessary to meet the performance requirements.
