435	WOOD DOORSETS	PVC WRAPPED DOORSETS
Manufacturer: Leaderflush Shapland Laidlaw or an approved equivalent.
Product: 'Hygieniform' or an approved equivalent.
Fire resistance rating: Refer to the Door and Ironmongery Schedule. The complete assembly shall achieve the required fire rating and independently tested in accordance with clause 115. Copies of test certificates or assessments shall be provided for inspection.
Sound insulation rating: Refer to the Acoustic Report and the Door Schedule.
Duty: Severe duty
Door leaf Core: Flaxboard with softwood or hardwood timber stiles and rails to suit performance requirements.
Door leaf Facings: Impact resistant Hygieniform anti-bacterial sheet facing post-formed around radiused vertical edges; colour: RAL 7016 Anthracite grey .
Door leaf Lippings: Hardwood concealed behind post-formed pvc.
Finish as delivered: Self finish to pvc.
Frame and architraves: MDF (emission level as clause 185) or hardwood to suit performance requirements.
Frame and architraves Wood species: Hardwood to manufacturer's choice.
Frame and architraves Appearance class to BS EN 942: Not applicable.
Frame and architraves Finish as delivered: PVC-wrapped as clause 709; matching PVC flush covers to fixings; colour: RAL 7016 Anthracite grey.
Frame profile: Equivalent to Leaderflush Shapland Laidlaw 'Barum or Barum with extension lining' for partitions greater than 144mm thick.
Preservative treatment: Organic solvent as section Z12 and WPA Commodity Specification C5; Desired service life: 30 years.
Glazing/ Infill details: Refer to the Door Schedule and Internal Door Types drawings Either:
Clear glazing to suit fire and safety performance requirements; nominal width 200mm, or
Clear glazing with integral blinds IBT 01, 02 or 05 as clause 641; all as scheduled. .
Manifestation: Refer to the Tender Drawings.
Beading: As clause 184.
Moisture content on delivery: 9-13%.
Ironmongery: As ironmongery schedule.
Perimeter seals: Fire and smoke seal to meet the fire and acoustic requirements. See Door Schedule. Smoke seals to be brush type (not blade type); and coloured to provide visual contrast .
Fixing: Plugged and screwed as section Z20 with frame-to-wall seal for fire-rated doorsets as clause 871.
